# GroupApp
Our app makes creating group chats fast, easy, and anonymous.

## Group Members
Shunya Watanabe <br/>
Tomasz Bachosz <br/>
Wendi Li

## Purposes and Goals
The purpose of this app is to make the process of creating a group chat for friends/classmates/teammates easier. 

Currently in order to send group messages, people have to create group chats on facebook by sending friend requests and manually inviting one by one. This has three problems:
* Inviting people one by one is tedious;
* Mutual strangers have to become friends to invite;
* Not everyone has a facebook account.

The purpose is to make this process easy, fast, and anonymous. 

### sign up
User signs up simplying by inputing their name and click start.
### create group with friends nearby
Users create group by inputing a random 4-digit code with users nearby. Those nearby who entered the same code immediately join the same group chat. Under the cover we use Google Nearby API to detect users nearby.
### joining existing groups
Users can join an existing group by inputing a temporary invitation code generated by any member of the group.


##  User Stories and User Cases

1.	John

John is a student who does not have a facebook account because of privacy concern yet wants to discuss class materials with classmates. Unfortunately, he finds the email system very tedious and is told that no one uses it. He is looking for a system where he can keep his privacy, yet connect with his friends from the class.

John finds our application! He opens the application and creates a new account with an abstract nickname J-Man instead of his name John. He does not to register with email, phone number, or input his birthday, not even a password! He is ready to chat!

2. Suzie

Suzie is a student who loves saving time. She hates to do lots of additional things when she can do something simply. Whenever she wants to create a group chat for class projects, she has to tediously send friend request to everyone and create a facebook chat. Of course, not everyone has facebook. She is looking for a simple way to communicate with new groups on demand.

Suzie is with her group in the room. She asks everyone to open the application and type in 1024, then everyone is in the group chat.

3. Mr. Headman

Mr. Headman is a professor at NYUAD. He has noticed that the system created by the University, NYU classes, is very sloppy and not all the students want to use it. He would like an easier way to communicate with his students and encourage outside-the-class discussion. He would like to be able to easily create the group during his first class.

Mr. Headman is with his class in the room. He asks everyone to open the application and type 6666. Students open their application and type in 6666. A new group chat is created with everyone in the group. Now Mr. Headman can message every student with the easiness of a chat and he knows everyone is in it.
 
4. Gina

Gina is a student who always goes to class late. This time as well. She missed Mr. Headman's first class and thus is not in the group.

She asks her friend Suzie who is in the group for an invitation code. Suzie enters the group and clicks on "invite friend". A 4-digit temporary invitation code is generated. Gina types this code and enters the group. 


## Wireframes and/or Object Diagrams

